(present)
“Wake up, ///!” ___’s voice kisses down my ears. A moan escapes my lips as I throw my arms to the space beside me, expecting to feel her warmth. Instead, feeling the softness of my cover, my eyes slightly open as they search for a petite figure and her most idiotic - yet so utterly heart warming - smile. 

I grin from ear to ear when I catch her crouching beside the bed, her face inches away from mine. “Why are you not in bed?” I ask as my fingers play through her already-brushed hair. 

Her smile gets wider as she draws closer to me. “Because I don’t live here, idiot,” she whispers.

I quickly sit up. Reality blows past me - with its ultimate force - as a gust of wind sends its chills through my open window, making the curtains dance with fright. My ___, who was just there right beside me, isn’t there anymore. My eyes seeks the one who causes my heart to beat as fast as a bullet piercing the air, but finding dirty clothes pile everywhere - masking the true identity of the floor - instead. 

I sigh when my mind regains it’s senses. I get out of bed and saunter into the bathroom.

I run my palms across my face and over my head, pushing my wet bangs up. My eyes open to stare into the source from where the water is raining down. Why am I like this? I find myself wondering a lot these days.

‘I left, you said your goodbyes so why are you like this, ///?’ I hear ___’s voice as I turn to see nothing but steam. I place one hand on the wall and study the floor. Tears swells up and falls.

We were together for just over a year but what is the point of that when it all broke down in less than a month. Our love, our friendship, our understanding. If I can turn back time, I will go back and change everything. If I can turn back time, I will go back to the time where I secretly admired her. If only I can turn back time… 


(past)
I glance from the corner of my eyes to sneak a peak at ___’s bright smile. A grin forms on my face as I watch her stare ahead at the crowd of students in front of us. She turns in my direction and a sense of panic settles in my heart as I immediately turn away, tapping my mic and whispering ‘testing’ repetitively. 

“///,” she calls and my heart melts into a state where it isn’t beating normally. 

I turn back to look at her. She rests her guitar against her chair and pumps her fist. 

I squeal internally while I try to maintain a poker face, on the outside. “Good luck,” she cheers, giving a wink with it. 

My heart is definitely going crazy. I nod firmly once and turn back. I have to give it my all, today. 

___ is my strength, my power source, my will to continue walking forward, my paradise.


(present)
No. She was those things. Well, that is what I will like to believe. 
